53. 
    1. Add a check in Character Health to check if the character legs are severed. If true, force ragdoll.
    2. Fixed the tempreature exchange. Works in multiplayer.
    3. Readjusting the gas exchange speed. Readjusting airmonitor read out. Air system now works 
    4. Adding delta time for divingsuit conditions
    5. Restored 'Broken Battery' feature. Broken batteries that go below 20 in condition weill release CL gas.
    6. Fix the Chlorine gas cannot be filtered out bug. Should use 'Chlorine' instead of 'CL'
    7. Adding air quality for custom gas. Require oxygen detector (currently as long as one detector is connected, it can detect all hulls)
54. 
    1. Updating Orders.xml to lasted patch.
    2. Update human animation to the lated patch.
    3. Removing divingsuit pressure from lua to xml. Fix bots cannot detect divingsuit pressure out side hull. divingsuit and abyssal diving suit pressure set to 6650. COmbat divingsuit set to 5750
    4. Adding a new job 'navigator'. Adding 'navigator' to crew hiring options.
    5. Adding 'Allowbiomegate' to keep updated with lasted patch.
    6. I think grapple gun in multiplayer was fixed by devs. well no. It works better.
    7. Adding target="This" for piratebgm and machinepistol.
    8. Fixed bots can't properly report the room name of the broken device's location.
    9. Outpost bandit mission commonness change from 30 to 100. Same as vanilla monster commoness.
    10. Add a discription of using the status monitor lock room function.
55.
    1. Further reduce plasmacutter severlimbprobablity from 0.005 to 0.001
    2. Patching HumanAIController_harmo to make bots no longer find diving suits when inside hulls. Also adding dialog to make bots prefer to say need diving gear instead of diving suit. 
    3. Writing an upgrade tag to change bug appears from the vent chance from 0.2 to 0.1
    4. Patching AIObjectiveFixLeak to allow bots to swap weldingequipments mounted on bag.
    5. Patching AIObjectiveGo to make bots switch to scooter underwater when carring a gun.
    6. Abolishing old wire teleporting method. Adopting new link teleporting method. Using SE to create entering sfx. Updating all modules.(Abolished, unstable, still in the backup files)
56. 
    1. Collecting bullet damage tag as one damage_by_passing_bullet. Attaching tag to previous damagable items. Adding different damage values.
    2. Fixing bugs of diivng suit and mask use very little oxygen source. Adding delta time for diving mask.
    3. Laying down the functioning working for skill and weapon reload feature.
    4. Adding new skill 'ondeckweapon'. 
    5. Changing all four turrets weapon skill requirement to ondeckskill 60.
    6. Adding new job as gunner. Adding hirable to all military outpost.
    7. Lowering down security officer health multiplayer from 10 to 2.
    8. Adding a repair tip for junctionbox.
57.
    1. Adding various missing human animation from the lasted update.
    2. Adding new sever limb effect animation for human in humanhealth.adddamage
58. 
    1. Adding reload skill requirements for small arms. 
    2. Fixing some subs have high generatedamrount in oxygengenerator (5000). Value changed to 400
    3. Adding a 1 stun when the lower body is severed to make the fall more natural and prepare for the ragdoll.
    4. Moved ObstructVision feature from cs to statuseffect for better consistancy.
    5. Adjusting leak particles, making it 10x stronger to match the water pressure.